Correct dynamically generated dags page wrt scheduler heartbeat (#234)
astronomer/airflow-guides: guides/dynamically-generating-dags.md

```

> Now to generate our DAG files, we can either run this script ad-hoc, as part of our CI/CD workflow, or we could create another DAG that would run it periodically. (If you're using Astronomer Enterprise or Astronomer Cloud, you will need to use the NFS option for your dags folder and run this script with Kubernetes Pod Operator to launch a pod that has the NFS folder mounted with read/write permissions.) After running the script, our final directory would look like the example below, where the `include/` directory contains the files shown above, and the `dags/` directory contains the two dynamically generated DAGs:

Reviewer: @collinmcnulty I'm not sure I totally understand the addition here. This is only relevant if you were trying to have a DAG that ran the script to generate other DAGs, correct? I'm not sure why that would require using KPO? And NFS is only an option for Enterprise, not for Cloud.

If my assumptions are correct, I almost wonder if it would just be better to take out the note about using another DAG to run the DAG creation script. It definitely complicates things and I think is unlikely to be the route most folks would go for using this method (CI/CD is the only way I've actually heard about customers doing this).

Author: You are correct in your assumption that this only applies to dag running a script that writes other dags. The problem in Enterprise is that the dags folder on NFS is mounted as read only, so unless you use KPO to create a pod to mount it separately as R/W will you be able to write to it.

I would be fine removing the statement about running it as a dag. We just had a customer do this and it was a complex ticket, so I want to make sure we don't steer anybody into what is unsuspectingly difficult territory.

Reviewer: Got it, yeah let's just remove it! Your change looks good, feel free to merge!

Dynamically generating DAGs can cause performance issues when used at scale. Whether or not any particular method will cause problems is dependent on your total number of DAGs, your Airflow configuration, and your infrastructure. Here are a few general things to look out for:

- Any code in the `DAG_FOLDER` will be executed either every `min_file_processing_interval` or as fast as the dag file processor can, whichever is less frequent. Methods where that code is dynamically generating DAGs, such as the single-file method, are more likely to cause performance issues at scale.

> - If you are reaching out to a database to create your dags, including Variables from the metadata database, this means you will be querying quite frequently. Be conscious of your databases ability to handle such frequent connections and any costs you may incur per request from your data provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are reaching out to a database to create your DAGs (e.g. grabbing Variables from the metadata database), this means you will be querying quite frequently. Be conscious of your database's ability to handle such frequent connections and any costs you may incur per request from your data provider.
```

> - You can increase `min_file_processing_interval` to a much higher value if you know that your dags are not changing frequently and if you can tolerate some delay in the dynamic dags changing in response to the external source that generates them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To help with potential performance issues, you can increase the `min_file_processing_interval` to a much higher value. Consider this option if you know that your DAGs are not changing frequently and if you can tolerate some delay in the dynamic DAGs changing in response to the external source that generates them.
```
